docs: rewrite TESTING.md (#121)
DominicBurkart/nanna-coder: TESTING.md

# Test Topology

**Scope:** evals measure agent performance (outcomes); tests verify harness correctness (deterministic components); benches optimize harness resources; QA is done manually in the dev env by an agent.

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    U["Unit tests\nharness/src/**"] --> NX["cargo nextest run --workspace --lib --all-features"]
    I["Integration tests\nharness/tests/"] --> NXI["cargo nextest run --workspace --test '*' --all-features"]
    S["Shell tests\ntests/"] --> SH["./tests/run-all-tests.sh"]
    E["Eval framework\nharness/src/eval/"] --> NX
    NX & NXI & SH --> CI[".github/workflows/ci.yml"]
```

## Principles

> - Prefer in order: realistic happy-path integration tests, happy-path doctests on interfaces, proptests, unit tests (especially edge cases), unhappy-path error legibility, edge-case doctests.

Author: ```suggestion
- Sorted preferred strategies (note: you'll need an ensemble, use complementary approaches): realistic happy-path integration tests, happy-path doctests on interfaces, aneas/kani invariant validation, proptests, unit tests (edge cases), unhappy-path integration tests (error legibility), edge-case doctests. 
- Design interfaces which can use the highest standards for validation (example: a de/serialization path needs to be compatible with both integration tests and formal methods validation, an external API surface needs to be expressible with both doctests and proptests). 
```
